SJCONF-modules
sjconf-modules
%%mtime

%!target : man
%!encoding : utf-8
%!postproc(man): "^(\.TH.*) 1 "  "\1 8 "

= NAME =

sjconf-modules - handle /etc/**modules**(5) configuration through **sjconf**(8)

= DESCRIPTION =

sjconf is a configuration wrapper that handles global and server specific configuration, deployment and service restart.

The sjconf-modules plugin makes the /etc/**modules**(5) file editable through **sjconf**.

= OPTIONS =

Here is the list of options:

: **modules-1** = //rtc//
List of modules to load at boot time. To add a module, add a new key/value pair and increment the number a the end of
the key. Key number below 100 should be reserverd to smartjog profiles.


= MODULES OPTIONS =

Each advanced module options has to be declared under the **[modules:options]**
section. The option entry key must be the module's name.


= EXAMPLE =

  **[modules]**
  **template = templates/modules/modules.conf**
  **modules-100 = rtc**
  **modules-101 = e1000**
  **modules-102 = tg3**
  **modules-103 = eepro100**
  **modules-104 = input**
  **modules-105 = videodev**
  **modules-106 = BCMSM**
  **modules-107 = ppp_generic**
  **modules-108 = tun**
  **modules-109 = cineview**
  **modules-110 = ip_conntrack_ftp**
  **modules-111 = ide-core**
  **modules-112 = serverworks**
  **modules-113 = ide-detect**
  **modules-114 = ide-cd**
  **modules-115 = fuse**
  **modules-116 = igb**
  **modules-117 = ivtv**
  **modules-118 = ipmi_si**
  **modules-119 = ipmi_devintf**
  **modules-120 = ipmi_msghandler**

  **[modules:options]**
  **ivtv = enc_yuv_buffers=32 enc_mpg_buffers=32 enc_vbi_buffers=32 enc_pcm_buffers=32**

= AUTHOR =

The sjconf modules plugin and this manual page have been written by the **SmartJog** company.

= SEE ALSO =

**sjconf**(8), **modules**(5).
